before i begin let me start by saying
i'm not exactly what you would call a
wizard
but this sexy voice has been known to
cast a spell from time to time
the styles of our movie today are cara
bradshaw
sister mary patrick and the wind beneath
my wings
please our story begins in salem
as in the home of the witch trials not
days of our lives
with some witch creeping by the window
of one young man named thackeray banks
who wakes up to find out she done nabbed
his little sister emily so he hops out
of bed just in time to see them sending
up some purple smoke signal and some
suspect lady leading his little sister
into the woods
and of course he who is a hero in our
story busts his behind trying to follow
them to this creepy house where he sees
these three
beaches get it beaches as in the bette
midler movie
oh lord i can see already some of y'all
really need to change the channel from
that eternal harry potter marathon
oh look another glorious morning
makes me sick
[Music]
so they got this one-eyed book made a
skin full of spells that allows them to
do nasty things like
create potions out of dead men's toes
and they only spit
which they didn't feed to the little
child before they go dementor on the
hining
but not before the hero of our story
tries to do the lord's work before
getting electrocuted with the false
lightning
and as you can see the child is now
ready to be drained of her youth
which essentially turns the old hags
into carrie charlotte
and miranda if miranda was half gerbil
and they all excited now because they
think they're young and beautiful
but thacker is like [ __ ] you ugly so
instead of sucking out his soul to
become even younger
they cast this spell that go let his
flesh not return let his blood leave no
stain though they beat him let him feel
no
pain and he turned into a scarecrow no
actually they turned him into this
little tiny kitty cat
so now he's doomed to an eternal
lifetime of memories of watching his
sister die
being riddled with fleas and ticks and
intestinal parasites
and maintaining his own personal hygiene
by licking his own privates
and of course because they are witches
and this is salem to the gallows
well it's a little cheap really just
some little sad barrels and some ropes
hanging from a tree limb but you gotta
work with what you got people
and then and thank you tries to rub on
his daddy's leg to tell him he's his
missing son
you know every time i sit on the toilet
my cat mrs norris does that same damn
thing to me
well don't be looking at me like you
ain't got a pet named after a harry
potter character
oh it was that remark about the toilet
damn cat
well anyway fast forward 300 years where
this old lady teacher is scaring the
little children in a classroom about
these events and
tells them how poor little fuzzy flea
ridden banks been out there at that
cabin for three centuries trying to keep
them bits from coming back
this is max that's allison then some
after school special team drama skip
pause to introduce max little sister
danny who max is supposed to take
trick-or-treating then some more teen
drama skip
stop to hear alison say i've got candy
duty
girl the day after halloween we all got
the candy duty
then they go snooping on the old spooky
cabin where max finds a ladder because
the house was turned to a museum because
folks these days be doing anything for a
dollar
so after a little throw down with banks
max lights the candle and the door
flings open and then walk the point of
sisters
i mean the sanderson sisters oh y'all
know who the pointed sisters were now
they sang that jesse spano's song i'm so
excited
i'm so scared
and that's what these children are now
too because sister mary patrick who in
this movie is just sister married no
patrick
got a snout like a massive hound and she
snarled like one too
and then of course max tries to save his
sister and he like beings gets the
palpatine treatment
but then he sets off the sprinkler
systems and they wait like they had a
sister though they just dropped the
house on
did that kitty just speak that kitty
just spoke
and you know what he said he said get
the one hard book so banks leads them to
a cemetery where the witches can't set
foot but apparently can win guardian
their leviosas all night long
plus it gives sister sarah an excuse to
show her cleavage
and said cleavage is also the reason
poor old billy here who was once when
his boyfriend but went for the hot one
was poisoned by all went in and got that
mouth sold shut
[ __ ] and after a short pursuit of the
children billy gets his block knocked
off
and his sisters take a tour of the town
where they exchange dirty jokes with a
bus driver
meanwhile pinks gets pancaked by the bus
they're on which
taking into consideration with the baby
making talk in the previous scene
got me thinking this ain't a kid's movie
but a rundown of a pet can be
traumatizing for the little children
inside
all of us so they reinflate the damn cat
winfred mary and sarah ain't none too
happy about the state of their sacred
holiday
but take solace in the side of satan
beelzebub
lord of the underworld his royal hotness
while at the house of hades some little
rugrats steal their brooms
sarah seduces satan and the sisters get
chased off by this hound of hell
the children find their parents at a
potty which is crashed by the witches
who put on their best sister act
danny realizes the best way to end the
evil is to heat the hags
the children go home and danny cuddles
with the cat while max gets his mac on
with allison
but of course them bits ain't dead just
a little child broiled and crispified
the sisters catch some beavis and
butthead wannabes i didn't mention
earlier because i didn't feel like it
and these two fools get the brilliant
idea to open the book which sends a
signal to the troublesome trio
gotta find some new transportation this
new broom will do
guess this map will work but riding on a
vacuum cleaner
that's gotta suck
[Music]
and then they're like danny are you okay
are you okay danny
and don't ask me why they ain't just
take the child in the book and run
but after they make their presence known
they literally and combustibly bust out
there but because they need more souls
of children and another excuse to show
sister sarah's cleavage she sings a
little special daddy
back at the cottage danny's like but it
don't matter what you look like
you ugly on the inside but max plays
placebo on them with some headlights
and they too dumb to realize it don't
actually hurt and max takes back his
shoes those beefs and butthead wanna be
stole from him
that i didn't mention earlier because i
didn't feel like it but brother
i think you should just let the boy keep
him because he looked like he done
infected them with
athlete's foot fungus and winterfer got
enough potion for one more child
and despite having a whole slew of child
souls to choose from
she's got the low self-esteem and
feeling the need to get that one who
told us she ugly on the inside
billy's still chilling at the graveyard
and instead of killing max's he's older
he cuts his mouth open
lets out his dragon breath and yells at
winnie [ __ ] trollop
vulgar just a [ __ ] then some big brawl
in the graveyard and a few more excuses
to show sister sarah's cleavage
winifred snatches danny up and brings
risks his little life to save this
little child
so max drinks the potion to save his
sister damn brother you're a scrapper
sister mary does her damn just to help
her sister out but who knew the vacuum
would prove to be a liability
and then max knocked that bit right off
her broom and just as she's about to
suck in that youth
the sun saves the day turning this
sanders into stone
and then this one go poof and then that
one go poof
and then the stone sister go big boom
boom billy resumed his siesta
and now everybody happy because this
make believe
except poor little banks who has taken
his last breath while the little
children whose parents don't monitor
what their kitties watch
sob into their bowls of candy corn but
beast has transformed and he goes to
join the world of nearly headless nick
morning myrtle and his little sister
emily
and he says goodbye to lil daddy takes
his little sister's hand
and they walk off together while max
hugs his own little sister and i
crowd over this silly movie you are the
end
but look at who's awake say quo
thank you to these precious muggle
muffins who donate every month to help
keep
meth magical m.i.e maria t
michelle w carly g donny b
ross grease fat cat sylvia
kelly s eva katrina a bethany c
karo s robert d david m
christine k o m elena s
chupacabra f kelly l p t
f j million m anonymous bh
allison l autumn m and grady
here for your laughs and your woman